com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/PriceList.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.PriceList
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/builder/checkers/Figure.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.checkers.Figure
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/IndividualCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.IndividualCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/SocialPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.SocialPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/CorporateCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.CorporateCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Library.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Library
com/kodilla/patterns/singleton/Logger.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.singleton.Logger
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/Millenials.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.Millenials
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/YGeneration.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.YGeneration
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/tasks/ShoppingTask.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.tasks.ShoppingTask
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/TwitterPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.TwitterPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/IndividualYoungCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.IndividualYoungCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/ZGeneration.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.ZGeneration
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/builder/checkers/Pawn.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.checkers.Pawn
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Book.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Book
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/Shape.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.Shape
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/builder/checkers/FigureFactory.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.checkers.FigureFactory
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/tasks/PaintingTask.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.tasks.PaintingTask
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/User.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.User
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/tasks/DrivingTask.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.tasks.DrivingTask
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/SnapchatPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.SnapchatPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/ShapeFactory.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.ShapeFactory
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/HotelApp.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.HotelApp
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/builder/pizza/Pizza.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.pizza.Pizza
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/predictors/ConservativePredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.predictors.ConservativePredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/Square.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.Square
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/Customer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.Customer
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/Season.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.Season
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/predictors/BalancedPredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.predictors.BalancedPredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/Circle.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.Circle
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/predictors/AggressivePredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.predictors.AggressivePredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/builder/bigMac/Bigmac.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.bigMac.Bigmac
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.bigMac.Bigmac$BigmacBuilder
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/FacebookPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.FacebookPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/BuyPredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.BuyPredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/tasks/Task.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.tasks.Task
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/LibraryMain.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.LibraryMain
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/Rectangle.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.Rectangle
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/builder/checkers/Queen.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.builder.checkers.Queen
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/factory/tasks/TaskFactory.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.factory.tasks.TaskFactory
